There has been such a widespread promulgation of American culture around the world that there is no more need to look up to the USA. 
"The vectors x1 = (1,2,4), x2 = (2,-1,3), x3 = (0,1,2), x4 = (-3,7,2) are "
"A class-A transformer coupled, transistor power amplifier is required to deliver a power output of 10 Watts. The maximum power rating of the transistor should be less than "
Admiral Gorshkov Aircraft Carrier Refit Project is a deal between India and 
The parliamentarian elections of which of the following organization were held in June 2009?
Which among the following countries topped the World Press Freedom Index 2018? 
Which of the following statements is false? 
"Keeping the temperature constant 10 moles of oxygen is expanded to 3 times, initially T = 300K work done by the gas on piston. "
What will be the volume of a gas at S.T.P. which occupies 55ml at 182oC and at 3 atm
Which of the following relation is correct? 
Calculate the motor armature current
"If then value of x is "
Which of the following is not a software? 
"A 50 Hz alternator is rated 500 MVA, 20 kV, with Xd = 1.0 per unit and X’’d = 0.2 per unit. It supplies a purely resistive load of 400 MW at 20 kV. The load is connected directly across the generator terminals when a symmetrical fault occurs at the load terminals. The initial rms current in the generator in per unit is "
Which of the following awards has been given to Dr Hanish Hande and Nileema Mishra recently?
"Given the relationship between the input u(t) and the output y(t) to be the transfer function Y(s)/U(s) is"
PMI is used
On which date of April is definitely Pravin’s mother’s birthday? I. Pravin correctly remembers that his mother’s birthday is after fourteenth but before nineteenth of April. II. Pravin’s sister correctly remembers that their mother’s birthday is after sixteenth but before twenty-first of April.
How is M related to D? I. M has only one son and two daughters. II. D’s brother is the son of M’s wife.
Consider the following statements about India Innovation Index that was launched recently. 1) It was jointly launched by NITI Aayog and Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). 2) Its objective is to rank ‘large cap’ Indian companies on innovation related parameters. 3) It includes the level of human capital and research among other factors in the calculation of the index. Select the correct answer using the codes below. 
Gender Inequality Index (GII) determines the level of women empowerment based on which of these key indicators? 1) Proportion of parliamentary seats occupied by females 2) Labour force participation rate of females 3) Higher education enrolment ratio 4) Maternal mortality ratio and adolescent birth rates Select the correct answer using the codes below. 
"For each of the following, choose the correct sentence. "
"For each of the following, choose the correct sentence. "
Transpose of a matrix must be calculated for which of the following algorithm that uses DFS? 
Which of the following examples does NOT demonstrate the working of the cognitive phenomenon of confirmation bias? 
"Sexual Harassment at Workplace (Prohibition, Prevention and Redressal) Act, was passed in which of the following years? "
Which of the following Industries is not included in the Eight Core Industries? 
No orangutan is orange.No orange is trump. 
Which is a 8 bit Microprocessors? 
"Match List I with List II and select the correct answer using the codes given below the lists. "
MIDH aimed as integrating all of the following scheme except one. 
APEDA is located in one of the following cities. 
Which of the following is a disease of banana? 
"Which of the following statements truly reflects India's position in the report titled as &quot;Agriculture Outlook 2009-18&quot; released by the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)? (A) India is required to develop its infrastructure and also to take care of growing water shortage. (B) India is self-sufficient in its food production. Hence, it should help countries like Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka etc. who are badly in need of support. At least 100 million tonnes foodgrain should be provided by India to all these countries immediately. (C) India should find out some other methods of calculating inflation as the present index of the prices does not give the correct picture of the same."
"An argument amongst the economists all over the world is going on, on the issue of imposing special taxes on goods and services whose prices do not reflect the true social cost of their consumption, for example, lax: on polluting environment. Which of the following are the other examples of such taxes? (A) Duties on cigarettes (B) Duties on alcohol (C) Tax on gambling and lotteries (D) Airport Tax"
Recently which state launched a scheme to provide commercial two wheelers and four wheelers to unemployed youth at subsidized rates. 
"For creating a document, you use ……… command at File menu."
Reusable optical storage will typically have the acronym_____.
Find out the appropriate word in each case.
Choose the correct statement : 
"Which among the following are disadvantages of Crown Thinning? I. There is higher root competition for moisture and nutrients II. There is lesser root competition for moisture and nutrients. III. Abstraction in felling, logging and extraction of tinned material. Which of the statements given above is/are correct? "
My Mum tries to be / cool by saying that / she likes all the same / things that I do. / No error
Find the appropriate word in each case. 
"Let M be a symmetric matrix with integer entries. Then M is invertible if 1) the first column of M is the transpose of the second row of M 2) the second row of M is the transpose of the first column of M 3) M is a diagonal matrix with nonzero entries in the main diagonal 4. the product of entries in the main diagonal of M is not the square of an integer "
"Two solid workpieces, (i) a sphere with radius R and (ii) a cylinder with diameter equal to its height, have to be sand cast. Both work-pieces have the same volume. Show that the cylindrical work-piece will solidify faster than the spherical work-piece. "
"In each of the following questions, select a figure from amongst the four alternatives, which when placed in the blank space of figure (X) would complete the pattern. Identify the figure that completes the pattern. "
Fermi level for an n-type semiconductor lies 
"A Carnot heat engine cycle executed in a closed system using 24.94 g of steam as the working fluid. It is known that the maximum absolute temperature in the cycle is twice the minimum absolute temperature, and the net work output of the cycle is 60 kJ. If the steam changes from saturated vapour to saturated liquid during heat rejection, then the temperature (in °C) of the working fluid during the heat rejection process is Reference steam table is given below: "
Which of the following was the parent company of New India Assurance?
"A 0.2 m3 adiabatic rigid container is divided into two equal volumes by a thin membrane as shown below. Initially one of these chambers is filled with air at 800 kPa and 37 °C, while the other chamber is evacuated. What will be the internal energy change (in kJ) of the air and the final pressure (in kPa) in the container respectively, when the membrane is ruptured? "
"A 800-MW steam power plant, which is cooled by a nearby river, has a thermal efficiency of 40% Rate of heat transfer to the river water is _______ MW. "
Which of the following is the abbreviated name of the agency/organization which is the regulator of Insurance Business in India?
RDEMKH
FWHRKE
"Refer the below data table and answer the following Question. Five points are to be deducted from the students average of marks scored because of poor attendance. What will be the students net average marks scored. "
Statements: No bank is a school. Some schools are colleges. Conclusions: I. Some colleges are definitely not schools. II. All banks being colleges is a possibility.
The Farmers’ Clubs programme was launched by NABARD replacing which of the following programme?
"A step down chopper operates from a dc voltage source Vs and feeds a dc motor armature with a back emf From oscilloscope traces, it is found that the current increases for time, falls to zero over time t1 and remains zero for time t0 , in every chopping cycle. Then the average dc voltage across the freewheeling diode is: "
The plug setting of a negative sequence relay is 0.2A. The current transformer ratio is 5:1. The minimum value of line-to-line fault current for the operation of the relay is
What is the full form of PROM? 
Is the system stable or unstable? 
Draw the interconnection of the sequence networks for the fault analysis. 
"If an energy meter disc makes 10 revolutions in 100 seconds when a load of 450 W is connected to it, the meter constant (in rev/kWh) is "
Salva Mayardit has taken over as the first President of
" and are steady state d-axis synchronous reactance, transient d-axis reactance and sub-transient d-axis reactance of a synchronous machine respectively. Which of the following statements is true? "
Which of the above does NOT weaken the argument presented above: 
Which of the above have been assumed by the company while extending the appointment offer? 
Which of the above tends to weaken the argument? 
"Direction: In the following question, a questions and three statements I, II and III are given. You have to decide whet ate the data given in the statements are sufficient to answer the questions or not. What is the circumference of semi-circle in cm? I. The area of semi-circle is half of the area of parallelogram. II. The length of parallelogram is 1.5 times the radius of the semi-circle III. The difference between the length and breadth of parallelogram is 8 cm. "
The number of total Active US combat battalions is how many times that of the total Infantry? 
"when all the students in a school are made to stand in rows of 54, 30 such rows are formed. If the students are made top stand in the rows of 45, how many such rows can be formed? "
"Solve "
A projectile is thrown at 50m/s at an angle 30 ° with the horizontal. Find the time range between which the vertical velocity changes from 10m/s to 0. (g=10m/s) 
"Solve for x, "
The permissible stress in a fillet weld is 60 N/mm2. The fillet weld has equal leg lengths of 12 mm each. The allowable shearing load on weldment per cm length of the weld is
The decision problem is a function from string to which of the following? 
"Recently, Sudhir Tailang passed away. He was an eminent _____. "
Regular languages are 
"ABCD is a square of side a cm. AB, BC, CD and AD all are the chords of circles with equal radii each. If the chords subtend an angle of 120 at their respective centers, find the total area of the given figure, where arcs are part of the circles: "
What does the author of this passage think about texting? 
What does the writer of this passage think about texting? 
What does the storyteller of this passage think about messaging? 
If the author were to continue the passage he is most likely to: 
i. Some bags are goatsii. No goat is present.iii. All bags are exotic.iv. Some exotic are not lovely.v. Some lovely are presents.vi. Some bags are present. 
i. All pressures are forces. ii. Some forces are torque. iii. Some torques are pressures. iv. No torque is momentum. v. Some forces are not momentum. vi. All pressures are torques. 
i. Some balloons are hot. ii. All cold are cool. iii. A few balloons are cold. iv. All cool are hot. v. All cold are hot. vi. Some balloons are hot. 
Sockets are used in 
Choose the correct statement : 
Recently the Government of India has passed the proposal of letting private corporates to adopt heritage sites and use them for branding in return of making infrastructural inputs to the adopted site. Red Fort has been adopted by which of the following companies? 
"Referring to the son meta preference what is the indicated number of ‘missing women’ in India, according to Economic Survey, 2018? "
The cover-colour of the Economic Survey tabled in 2018 is ______ to put emphasis on controlling______. 
Graduate female population of State C is what per cent of the Std. XII female population of that State?
Identify odd one out. 
Carbon: nitrogen ratio recommended for mushrooms during staking and final compost are… and … respectively. 
"As we all know, a Committee on Financial Sector Assessment (CFSA) was set up in 2006 under the Chairmanship of Dr. Rakesh Mohan. What were its major observations? (A) The banks in India are in a good position to absorb shocks due to credit, liquidity and market risks. (B) It is found that the financial sector is generally sound, and fairly liquid. However, cooperative sector needs some strengthening. (C)Committee recommended that the foreign investments in infrastructure and banking sector should not be more than 22% as the free flow of the same is adversely affecting the growth of domestic deposit and savings. Domestic investors do not gel attractive investment options."
As reported in some major financial newspapers/ magazines the Private Equity (PE) investments into India for the quarter ending March 2009 have dropped by a whopping%. What is Private Equity (PE) and why is it so important for our (A) The PE is the purchase of a majority or total ownership in an operating company (B) The purchase is done normally through institutional investors like banks or insurance companies. They are avoiding such investments these days. (C) Private Equity stake gives a chance to the stake holders to have a better control over its management and crucial functions.
What is the ratio between the number of students studying at post-graduate and graduate levels respectively from institute S? 
